we download the droid
and we are in a video more of life on
world and it's not beta anymore, it's still beta
but now we can play is released I think
officially tomorrow I'm playing
right now it's good that I do not know when
this is Friday the 24th at night then
possibly goes up this morning Saturday
Saturday morning that was officially launched
when in this video is already
It is officially launched this way
game and well we have what it is
here all the maps are pretty
we did a little bit of the but we're going to
get in
to them which one looks good
this one that says outpost you hear father
server is full watch
same what is happening there
what is a former center
God, this is not good
let's wait a while and continue
as his return a day later let's hope
already serve they say that already today it serves
alright so I'm going to put on the night with
Today's
because with this
why strange reason the server is
restarted every time we wanted to take the
pyromaniac kit since I want lava
the lighter have several kits
fact you can choose I want this
because I want to burn people with the
wash like when I played with my brother and
Well, let's go here
I hope it works, please
it works is too cheated is not
saying since yesterday that he will play but
come on, this is very bad
the server is full great we appeared
in this strange thing that does not leave us
leave other foc that be very summer
I miss seriously and want to go play
teach me the but let's see if it's going to
keep trying so we're going to do
another cut and we continue because I can not
out of here
What about this
I have about 10 minutes with this although I already
can you come in let's go no server
I can enter this but it's supposed to be good
that this video is already open is for
tell them that it is still open
it's like super unstable they're
all closed the few that are here
with green when you click and I give
click on some sign this thing comes out of
be reboot a server or exit that
It's full and then the screen bounces
I do not know what's happening but good
it will try again
well now he's doing this
that as it generates land and does not charge
so
there are people
well here is this video for those who
want to know if it's already good
if it is already open it is already assumed that
it works well according to william now between
something that is world and sent me to this is
this hunger game lobby ' one what
saw general that has I do not know why not
they are sending me directly to the world
but he sends me here and has enough
books right now because then warned them
same for those who come to play world
there are some commission subscribers in
twitter that they could enter but that
the walls did not fall and that they could not
move forward because the walls are not
they fell and see what is happening this see
it's all very strange the truth
I do not know exactly what happens with
servers but good here is the
news for those who would like to know if
it was already available what was in this
new game mode is now available
so they can good the book up
description I hope you can play it because
it really was very full and well there's me
they say how they did because they see them
keep sending this lobby and not even
walton show a lobby know what happened
exactly but good people who feel
built they take care of two of the following and
Well, if they manage to enter and manage to have
items in bags that you appreciate so much if
they send photos to give him retweet and that
others see how it went like right now
those who started photos that the
parts did not fall and wait there is someone
up there up the stairs but
people do not feel video any
thing that is also all that be
warning and then I wait when I'm
stable good really is good and
I was stable but I think not already
built stable age I will play here with
you in the next video take care
they will be making the teams stay
pending the last time we're going to
play world last androids the team
cheto set of monsters and all
inscriptions and manolo
all the equipment that we left
pending of the past we are
playing in world but already when
work well as the moment as we
They serve as I should but good senses
they are taken care of and replaced they enter
advise and bye